c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pencil\Pencil\bin\Debug\Pencil.exe.config
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pencil\Pencil\bin\Debug\Pencil.exe
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pencil\Pencil\bin\Debug\Pencil.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pencil\Pencil\obj\Debug\Pencil.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pencil\Pencil\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pencil\Pencil\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pencil\Pencil\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pencil\Pencil\obj\Debug\Pencil_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pencil\Pencil\obj\Debug\Pencil.g.resources
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pencil\Pencil\obj\Debug\Pencil.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pencil\Pencil\obj\Debug\Pencil.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pencil\Pencil\obj\Debug\Pencil.exe
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pencil\Pencil\obj\Debug\Pencil.pdb
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pencil1\Pencil\bin\Debug\Pencil.exe.config
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pencil1\Pencil\obj\Debug\Pencil.exe
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pencil1\Pencil\obj\Debug\Pencil.pdb
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pencil1\Pencil\bin\Debug\Pencil.exe
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pencil1\Pencil\bin\Debug\Pencil.pdb
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pencil1\Pencil\obj\Debug\Pencil.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pencil1\Pencil\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pencil1\Pencil\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pencil1\Pencil\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pencil1\Pencil\obj\Debug\Pencil_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pencil1\Pencil\obj\Debug\Pencil.g.resources
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pencil1\Pencil\obj\Debug\Pencil.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Pencil1\Pencil\obj\Debug\Pencil.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
